Today's tasks:
- [ ] [APP-1092](https://agxeed.atlassian.net/browse/APP-1092) - Error messages on FieldUpload
    - [x] Update all test files that have already been updated.
    - [ ] Perform an image_diff with develop
    - [ ] Update all changed files to undo those changes
- [ ] Review Charlotte's review of Jeroen's PR
- [ ] 
- [ ] 
- [ ] 
- [ ]  

### Other notes

Charlotte comments list:
- CHANGELOG.md
    - Docs: `Add name of user setting` Slight improvement, not super important.
    - Docs: `remove less mainland line length` less impact, is more correct though
- File names:
    - Eh, honestly, they're a little too nitpicky for me, but you're right in that the filenames can be a little better. I specifically didn't request the `e` -> `E` change because that would require me to explain how that works in git. (I think it's `git move ...` that requires it)
- OrchardMainlandLines.md:
    - In general, I'm noticing that you're much more precise with documentation than I am. Lots of comments can be explained this way. I'm looking more into: do I roughly understand it if I grab the docs and code next to each other. I think you're really looking at: is everything written correct, sufficient and explained.
- MainlandMerger.cs:
    - `Function is too long and too many nested if statements` Agreed. I actually also made a similar comment but also a suggestion for a different algorithm on how to resolve it. Jeroen tried and didn't get it too work, so we decided too resolve this comment, but that allowed this comment to go away.
    - `ParamsGenerator.Params parameters` Agree, but too small of a change for me.
    - `mainlandLines with the same routing section ID also don’t need to be compared.`
        - Optimization, I don't think it's 
    - `// Ensure that the lines are not oriented in the opposite direction` <-- Good catch. I think because our "state" is very vague and changes quite a bit, I tend to not mind those additional checks. But yeah, putting them inside the input is great, but then we might want to perform input validation. I 100% agree with that it should be correct when you do implement it, though.
    - `You should use absolute values. Also for the widths.` <-- Good catch, overlooked that one.

So, besides the documentation comments (where we don't look at it the same way), some comments I find very useful:
1. Function is too long and too many nested if statements
2. Mistake with oppositeDirection comparison, also superfluous
3. Mistake with Max checks.

Some I find less important:
1. Optimizations here or there
2. Adding additional features to existing classes
3. Some very small doc changes that are incorrect.

Review continue:
- `OrchardMainlandLines.md`
    - (-) Typos / small changes / small improvements (global axes, etc)
    - (-) Stuff you didn't really understand, but I understood when looking at the picture.
    - (+) Suggested slight improvement of the method (also resolves my comment)


Next review, things to check:
1. Plaatjes, nieuwe plaatjes.
2. Documentatie iets nauwkeuriger controleren.
3. Algorithm -- does it make sense?
4. Check Jeroen's next commits.

Zelf 

Besloten:
1. Geometry changes vragen tijdens standup.
2. Niet te veel documentatie / plaatjes.