Today's tasks:
- [ ] 
- [ ] 
- [ ] 
- [ ] 
- [ ] 
- [ ]  

### Other notes

Need to create a new resource-group: `dev-motionplan-resgrp-northeu`, containing:
- Storage account: `devmotionplanstorage`
- FunctionApp: `dev-motionplan-func-northeu`
    - Linked to the storage account.
    - Linked to the Event Grid.
- Application Insight: `dev-motionplan-func-northeu`
    - Linked to the FunctionApp, or perhaps just activate it with the biceppiness of the FunctionApp.
- Event grid topic: `dev-motionplan-topic-northeu`
- Database: `dev-motionplan-cosmosdb-northeu`

Remove the following from our resource groups:
1. `dev-motionplan-webapp-northeu`
2. `dev-motionplan-asp-northeu`
3. `dev-motionplan-vpn-northeu` 
4. `dev-motionplan-apim-northeu`
5. App service plan itself: `ASP-devmotionplanresgrpnortheu-ae24`
6. Application Insights Smart Detection, whatever that is.


#### FunctionApp settings
For the functionApp, the following settings are inmportant:
- .NET 8 Isolated
- Link to EventGrid using key-value pairs:
    - EventGridKeySetting: ...
    - EventGridUriSetting: ...
- Link to CosmosDB, using:
    - ...
- Flex Consumption
- 4096 MB
- Linux


#### Next steps:
1. Update our current way by actually creating a new resource group and see how that works.
   But I guess func will fail¸ then, but that's fine, you know.
2. Figure out a way to call our API, so we can see the blob storage and cosmosdb errors. :)
3. Fix the blob-storage errors.
4. Fix the comos-database errors.
5. Figure out a way to call our EventGrid API, so we can see the event grid error. :)
6. Fix the EventGrid error.

#### Let's call our current endpoint
Which endpoints should I use?
1. 