Today's tasks:
- [x] Reply to Charlotte's messages
- [x] Merge [APP-857](https://agxeed.atlassian.net/browse/APP-857) into develop
- [x] Fill out timesheet and enter into Jira
- [ ] [APP-1336](https://agxeed.atlassian.net/browse/APP-1336) metadata ticket
    - [ ] Try out adding metadata and see if it gets added, both for standard and protobuf endpoint.
    - [ ] Try a few more things with the example to see if it works. If it's not possible, discuss the possibilities with Charlotte.
- [x] Incorporate review APP-857 from Charlotte
- [x] Todo list for migration


Todo list for migration:
1. Use our new endpoint name: `motionplan-dev-func-westeurope-agx` 
    1. (also `test` and `production`)
    2. Poke me for the `x-function-key`.
2. The following points need migration
    1. The `/v1/recipe/extract-id`
        1. We now always return an `application/json`, instead of `text`. For this endpoint specifically:
           ```json
           {
             "data": ...,
             "warnings": []
           }
           ```
            So to get the `id`, you now have to do `response["data"]`
        2. Errors are also returned slightly different, see Swagger.
    2. The `BOUNDARYCLOSESTPOINT` is migrated to `/v1/route/snap-to-boundary`
        1. See Swagger for the format on how we return it.
        2. Errors are also returned slightly different, see Swagger.
    3. For all endpoints, you can add a `metadata` endpoint. If possible, we would like to have as much metadata as possible for debugging. Specifically:
       ```json
        {
           ...,
           "metadata": {
             "fieldName": ...,
             "fieldPartName": ...,
             "companyName": ...,
             "taskName": ...
            }
         }
       ```

While not necessary, this might be very helpful in debugging:
1. We've got a swagger online at https://motionplan-dev-func-westeurope-agx.azurewebsites.net/api/swagger/ui
    1. You can also grab the OpenApi spec, which you might be able to import in OutSystems: https://motionplan-dev-func-westeurope-agx.azurewebsites.net/api/swagger.json
2. We return `400` if the input is invalid, `422` if the input format is valid but we throw an `AgxException` and `500` for unknown errors.
3. While `warnings` are already part of all return values, there have been no warnings yet added to our code base (because the given endpoints do not result in any warnings).




### Other notes

Today's time:
- APP-857: 2.5h
- Timesheets: 1.5h






Thursday time:
- Incorporated feedback call logging middleware (APP-1309)
    - Includes thinking about versioning
- Call Roel about error points PR 

APP-1309: 4.5h
APP-1326: 2h
APP-857: 0.5h
Meeting: 1h

Friday time:
- Main topics:
    - Merged call logging middleware (APP-1309)
    - APP-1326 {error-points}: CoordinateConverter etc
    - Call Roel about error points PR x2

APP-1309: 2h
APP-1326: 5.5h



Monday time:
- Main topics I worked on:
    - APP-1074 working on KML CSV JSON
    - APP-1214 task-pr, only changed description and fixed issue for Charlotte (1h)
    - APP-1326: Small fixes Roel
    - Refinement meeting

APP-1214: 1h
APP-1326: 1h
APP-1074: 4h
Meeting: 1h

Tuesday time:
- Main topics:
    - APP-1214 auto add diagnostic logs (4h)
    - APP-1326 error points to call logging
    - APP-1336 add metadata
APP-1214: 3h
APP-1326: 1.5h
APP-1336: 3h
Meeting: 0.5h